### Requirements

* PyQt6~=6.5.2
* PyQt6-sip~=13.5.2
* loguru~=0.7.0
* openpyxl~=3.1.2
* EdgeGPT~=0.13.2
* Wikipedia-API~=0.6.0
* pandas~=2.0.3
* openai~=0.28.0
* translatepy~=2.3
* pydantic~=2.0.3
* pydantic_core~=2.3.0

### Folder Structure

* `data`: This folder contains the data to be processed.
  * `data/test_example`: This folder contains more example data for testing in the thesis.
* `entity`: This folder contains the entity files for HTTP response contents from Bard, ChatGPT, NewBing and so on.
* `keys`: This folder contains the API keys for Bard, ChatGPT, NewBing and so on.
* `log`: This folder contains the log files generated during the execution.
* `tasks`: This folder contains the tasks that need to be completed. Files in this folder are the core algorithms
  concerning the thesis target.
* `ui`: This folder contains the UI files used by PyQt6, straightforwardly verifying the correctness of the answers
  generated by AI.
* `util`: This folder contains the utility files used by the program, most of the files with which are used for
  simplifying the code.
* `config.py`: This file contains the configuration parameters used by the program.
* `main.py`: This file contains the entry that runs the program.
* `main_tr.py`: This file contains the entry that translate the questions.

### Usage

1. Create a folder named `keys` and create a file named `chatgpt_api_key` within it. Enter a valid ChatGPT API Key in
   the format `sk-....`.
2. Rename the data file to `data.xlsx` and place it in the `data` folder.
3. **_Do not use only numbers to name each sheet in `data.xlsx`_**
4. Install the required packages by running `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
5. Run the script with `python main.py [-h] [-l LOG] [-m MODE]`.
6. Follow the prompts to enter the name or index (starting from 1) of the sheet you want to process.
7. Processing will begin.
8. Log files will be stored in the `log` folder.

### Ethics

Following the current code of ethics of ACM and IEEE, to respect privacy:

- All secrets presented in `keys` folder are only for demonstration purposes.
- Only four examples we used are provided, but more examples can be found in `data/test_example` folder in the form of
  `.csv` files. Users can transform them into `.xlsx` files according to original `data.xlsx` file and replace the
  original data.